Last time,
the president ordered
an all-out attack
on Dr. Eggman's island base.
It'll be a two-pronged assault
from both sea and air.
Rouge the Bat,
now working for the government,
was put in charge
of a special forces team
to sabotage Eggman's base
from inside.
Meanwhile, Chris and Tails
discovered the location
of the third Chaos Emerald,
but their plan to unearth it
was gone with the wind.
[Laughs]
Can our heroes hang on
and capture the Chaos Emerald,
or will Eggman and his
windy robot blow them away?
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
My fellow citizens,
the assault against
the headquarters
of Dr. Eggman has begun.
Our military forces
will press on
until Eggman is no longer
a threat to the world.
We will not fail.
Dr. Eggman must be stopped now.
Whoa, this'll be
a heavy-duty fight.
[Laughs]
Aah!
[Explosion]
Oh!
Hold it.
Why did we stop?
Because we're about
to get a visit
from Eggman's Welcome Wagon.
[Gasps]
I'll take it.
Rouge!
Poor Chris.
He's out here, too.
This is terrible.
[Moaning]
We can't stay here!
Just hang on!
Francis, get down now!
- Oh!
Stay down and don't try
any more stunts.
Right.
Sorry.
I hope Tails is all right.
Hey, Tails!
EGGMAN:
Ha ha ha!
That's right, Bonbon,
show that furry urchin
who's in charge.
Put your foot down!
Oh, oh, oh!
Hee, hee, hee!
Oh...
Aah!
[Metal creaking]
Ha-ha!
Ta-ta, Tails!
It's crunch time.
- [Gasps]
Hmm.
Aah!
It can't be!
[Chuckles]
Hah!
Ah, ah, ah, ah!
There he goes.
Aah!
Stop it, Bonbon!
Shut down your glide!
[Whirring decreases]
You saved us all!
Yeah, yeah.
But, Tails, why'd you wind up
way out here?
We found out the third
Chaos Emerald is here.
Whoa, that's right!
I almost forgot!
Easy, pal.
- Huh?
- Aah, aah, aah!
- Cool your jets, big guy.
Just let him dig up
what he came for,
and we'll all go away.
Guess I'll have to knock
the wind out of you.
Sonic!
Got it!
Oh, wow!
EGGMAN:
Why, Tails, you shouldn't have.
Aah!
[Laughs]
- Oh.
Let's go get it back.
Huh?
Yeah!
Right!
CHRISTOPHER:
Francis.
Huh?
What?
I think it might be better
if you stay here.
How come, Chris?
It's gonna be dangerous.
AMY:
Hey, Chris.
You're not staying behind,
are you?
All right!
Let's just go!
Hah!
Let's go get them.
Hurry.
Set the charge.
Okay!
Our situation
is becoming dangerous.
Those soldiers
have us outnumbered.
We must formulate
a new strategy quickly
before they deactivate us.
- [Beeps]
- Oh!
[Beeping]
Another enemy ship
is approaching.
This one must not get through!
Blast them!
Aah!
Cease fire!
It's me, you scrap-heads!
The president thinks
he's got me in his sights.
Ha!
Well, I hope you didn't
rehearse a victory speech,
because I'm back in command now.
Oh! Hey!
Those are my missiles!
WOMAN ON TV: The attack
appears to be failing.
Wait.
What's that?
Huh?
A new aircraft is on the scene.
Is that one of ours?
Ah!
The X Tornado!
- [Gasps]
- Tornado?
Where did it come from?
There's something on the nose
of the craft.
It's a blue...
It can't be.
A blue hedgehog!
It's Sonic!
Who is that dude?
Yeah, what's his name again?
TOGETHER:
His name is Sonic.
Sonic the Hedgehog.
Ha ha ha!
[Laser gunfire]
There!
[All gasp]
There's another one?
Don't sweat it, sweetie.
I'll handle this robot.
You lead the team
to the generator room
and set the charges.
All right, guys, follow me.
[Guns cock]
[Gasps]
Missed me, slow-bot!
Ugh!
[Grunts]
[Gasps]
Knuckles!
Wow!
Thank you.
You're one of Sonic's friends,
aren't you?
We're not friends.
But you do know him, don't you?
Maybe.
What are you and your crew
trying to do here, anyway?
We came here to destroy
Eggman's base.
In fact, we're on our way
to sabotage the generator
room right now.
There's no way you can do it.
That room will be impossible
to get into.
Really?
We have to try.
You'll fail,
unless you have me along.
I can't wait to see
the look on Sonic's face
when he finds out that
I helped defeat Dr. Eggman
while he missed out
on the glory.
That'll mess with his ego.
Sounds like you've got
an inferiority complex.
Huh?
I have a what?
Oh, nothing.
Never mind, Knuckles.
[Chuckles]
That was me!
You tin-can turkeys
nearly wiped out
the evilest genius
in the universe!
Aah!
- Sorry, Doctor.
I'll wipe that smirk
off Sonic's face.
This time I'm not holding back!
What's that?
Hang on tight, Chris.
Uh-oh!
Look out!
This time the doctor
means business.
[Laughs]
- Oh!
- [Laughs]
Aah!
[Laughing]
Ha-ha!
We're gonna crash!
Relax.
We're fine.
[Laughs]
They're done for.
No, they're gonna
make it through okay.
There's more coming.
Well, watch this.
Yay!
[Moaning]
[Laughs]
Pretty cool, huh?
Go, Sonic!
All right, Sonic!
Sonic rules!
All right!
Yay!
Hey, Sonic, will that work?
Perfect!
Ha!
Whoa!
EGGMAN:
That's close enough.
It was a fluke
that you pushed it this far,
but now your lucky streak
is over.
Whoa!
Ha ha ha ha!
Ha!
Ready, hedgehog?
You bet, Dr. E.
Ha!
The demolition charges
are all set, ma'am.
Good work.
Well, looks like
we're ready, Rouge.
Hey, where did Rouge go?
I saw her go that way.
What in the world
is she doing there?
Oh...
Eggman must be keeping
the Chaos Emerald
someplace else now.
Hey, Rouge!
Yeah?
Get down here!
We've gotta go!
Go on.
I'll catch up.
We need you!
There's something I've got to
take care of first.
They appear to be working
on opposite sides,
but are any of them
working for us?
You should lock them all in
until we can figure out
who is who.
Good idea.
Oh!
Uh-oh.
Not good.
Hey, what are you up to, Rouge?
They locked us in,
but not for long.
Hyah!
Huh!
[Grunts]
I can't kick through.
Leave it to me!
Aah!
Huh?
[Gasps]
I didn't even make a dent.
[Grunting]
[Growls]
Is there time to defuse
the charge?
- [Gasps]
Well, that's it.
- We're not giving up yet!
- He's right.
Together we have
a fighting chance.
Ready?
[Grunting]
Whoa!
Ugh!
Aah!
[Laughs]
He's crushed!
[Grunts]
Not yet!
Ha!
The pressure's on now, Sonic.
Ugh!
I've gotten out
of tighter squeezes.
That's true, but this time,
you've finally met your match.
Gearheart's the ultimate
combat robot,
because it's got
the ultimate power supply.
Two Chaos Emeralds!
Ugh!
So that's it.
I've been looking forward
to this, Sonic.
[Telephone rings]
Hello?
ROBOT: Sorry to bother you,
but we have a problem.
A group of intruders is locked
in the generator room.
We are unable to determine
whose side they're on.
Huh?
Knuckles!
Those are our enemies,
you dumb-bot.
Then we will eliminate them.
What are they doing in
the generator room anyway?
I am not certain,
but they did mention something
about demolition charges.
They what?!
[Both grunting]
We're running out of time.
This will be a cinch.
[Grunts]
Aah!
[Growls]
Get Sonic!
Run all you want.
Gearheart will still
pulverize you.
[Laughs]
Get him!
Whoa!
Aah!
Ugh!
Stop him!
Whoa!
Yeah!
No, bring them back!
Aah!
Ha!
Ugh!
Ohh!
[Grunts]
Whoa!
Oh, no!
There's not much time
to get out of here.
We're still locked in.
Don't worry.
I'll punch us out.
Aah!
- All right.
- Look out!
What a show-off.
Get off.
I want to fight, too.
Don't give me orders!
I'm in charge of this operation.
You follow my lead.
Following you is what got us
trapped to start with.
You're cute when you're...
We have to get out of here now!
Aah!
- Aah!
[Cheering]
But where's Sonic?
Do you think he made it
out of there okay?
CHUCK:
That fireball's huge.
I hope Sonic wasn't still
in there.
I bet we'll see him any second.
Right, Cheese?
Chao!
Ha ha!
Yeah!
ALL:
Sonic!
BOY:
Way to go!
[Cheering]